hey guys what's going on my name is
tropics and guys in today's video I'm
bringing you a brand new GTA 5 money
glitch after patch 1.3 now guys if you
could smash that like button that would
be awesome this is an awesome new money
glitch very fast and easy so if you
could smash that like button that would
be unbelievable now I just have a few
things to talk about before you jump
this video I just want to say big shout
out to my boy retro gamer great YouTube
friend guys really cool guy he has
awesome videos go check them out the
link will be below now also I just want
to say i will be uploading a watchdogs
let's play as well as you know a bunch
of battlefield 4 videos leading up to
the new battlefield which i will post a
video my main channel about in a couple
days but if you do want to go subscribe
to that link will be down in the
description go hit me up on my second
channel it's awesome tons of new content
there feel free to go and subscribe now
guys for this money glitch what you're
going to want to do is just be inside of
your garage and you are going to have to
do the 13 car garage glitch now guys
once you do the 13 car garage glitch
once it's done and you do have cars in
your book on your bike rack if you need
a link to that I will leave a link in
the description you know to go and do
that for yourself know what you guys do
do that what you want to do is be inside
of your garage and you want to run over
to the bike rack now guys want you to do
that hit right on the d-pad and then you
will just drive out of your garage which
you know with whatever card that was on
your bike rack I would suggest an
expensive car like the entity or the
adder obviously you don't want to be
selling you know something really cheap
that's only like 20 grand or something
like that so for this glitch the
entities being used so once you do you
know get that entity drive out then you
just want to drive over to your second
garage now guys once you are at your
second garage you want to drive up to it
and you want the menu to pop up saying
um you know do you want to replace
another car are the videos a little bit
of an issue it doesn't mean I don't know
it's a bit of a bug but doesn't work
right away but it will work don't you
worry so you know after driving over um
I think you know just give it one second
there we go okay it pops up and then you
just want to hit a and then you want to
replace a vehicle in your garage if you
guys do want to prepare for this glitch
i would suggest putting a ship vehicle
in your garage you don't feel bad
replacing it but um in this video the
assist soul or something is replaced and
you want to replace that with the end
today now guys what's this
do is basically duplicate the car I know
it's really that fast takes two seconds
then you run out of the garage and you
will see the same entity with a tracker
on it now guys on the map you'll see
that like in a little tracker emblem you
just want to run over to the entity jump
in it and then drive back to your
personal garage I assume if you have the
forward okay apartment that will be
there now guys once you do this you just
want to go into your garage just walk
back in and then choose any vehicle it
doesn't really matter you won't be
losing this vehicle don't you worry
choose any vehicle you might want and
then jump inside of it and drive back
out of your garage now that's what this
will do is put the vehicle back onto
your rack on the um you know on the rack
of your the bike rack to make sure that
the thirteen car garage or the 13 cars
in the garage glitch doesn't get you
know reversed or anything because that'd
be a real pain in the ass so guys want
you to do this just drive back out and
then drive over to your second garage
now guys once you are at your second
garage this is a very final part you
just want to go in and grab the entity
that is in there now once you guys do
have this car you can just drive over to
Los Santos customs and sell it it's
really that simple um you know it's
already duplicated and you can just keep
on doing this over and over and over
again so guys um once that is done you
know you have completed glitch glitch is
all over so um yeah it's pretty much it
thank you for watching if you do have
any questions comments concerns go hit
me up on my Twitter we'll see over there
and yeah it's pretty much it it's been
tropics guys I'll see you guys later
peace
you